data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/optimizations.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/custom_element_advanced_activity.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/LoadStateActivity$1.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/layout/ambilwarna_dialog.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/SaveStateActivity.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/load_state_delete_pressed.png.i
data/.git/refs/heads/master.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/layout/splash.xml.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/drawable/exit.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/._ic_launcher-web.png.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/res/values/integer.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/btn_exit.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/res/._drawable-ldpi.i
data/android-ndk-profiler/armeabi/libandroid-ndk-profiler.a.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/ne_control_bg.jpg.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/icon.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/networkengage.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/game/MenuBar.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementBasicActivity$6.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElement.java.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable-ldpi/ambilwarna_arrow_down.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/load_state_delete_normal.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/libs/._android-support-v4.jar.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/load_state_delete_normal.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/points.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementBasicActivity.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/importgl.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/specials.h.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/values/strings.xml.i
data/FallingSandpaper/mobclix.jar.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/sand/wallpaper/opengl/DemoActivity.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/R.txt.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/erasing_fix.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/._encodings.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/R$layout.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/android/opengl/EGLWindowSurfaceFactory.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/load_state_activity.xml.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/Acclerometer.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/R$raw.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/Control.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/values/preferences_strings.xml.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/.project.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/AmbilWarnaKotak.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/rendergl.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/setup.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/load.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/MenuActivity$5.class.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/arch_support.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/load_state_select_normal.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/libthelements.so.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/LoadStateActivity$2.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/layout/custom.xml.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/layout/ambilwarna_pref_widget.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/icon.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/macros.h.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/FallingSandpaper/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/app.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementBasicActivity$4.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/btn_mb.xml.i
data/FallingSandpaper/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/.classpath.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/KoreaBranch.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/update.o.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/src/net/margaritov/preference/colorpicker/Test.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/raw/demo.sav.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/update.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/R$array.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/setup.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/x86/libthelements.so.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/game/FileManager.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/clear_icon_normal.png.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/Wallpaper.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/drawable/palette.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/app.c.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementManagerActivity$4.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/app.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/._vcs.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/collide.o.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/android/opengl/GLWallpaperService.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/._project.properties.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/points.h.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/android/opengl/EGLConfigChooser.class.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/res/drawable-hdpi/icon.png.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable/ambilwarna_target.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/importgl.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/R$drawable.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/R.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/.classpath.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/layout-land/ambilwarna_dialog.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/LoadStateActivity.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable-hdpi/ambilwarna_cursor.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/android/opengl/GLWrapper.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/libGoogleAnalyticsServices.jar.d
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/saveload.o.d.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/.gitignore.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/libGoogleAnalyticsServices.jar.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/gl.c.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/android/opengl/DefaultWindowSurfaceFactory.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/update.c.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/MenuActivity.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/palette_custom_elements.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/elementproperties.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/libraries/._libs.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/src/com/._.DS_Store.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/btn_local.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/dexedLibs/ambilwarna-70f2180566f2ac1595aca849b26e849d.jar.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/MenuBar$6.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/values/colors.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/._.DS_Store.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/edit.png.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/widget/AmbilWarnaPreference$SavedState.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/rendergl.o.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/drawable/save.png.i
data/LICENSE.txt.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/libthelements.so.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/macros.h.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/update.c.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/save_state_activity.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Documentation/._.DS_Store.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable-xhdpi/ambilwarna_arrow_down.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/drawable/eraser_on.png.i
data/android-ndk-profiler/prof.h.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/load_state_delete_active.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/points.o.i
data/FallingSandpaper/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/update.o.d.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/fix_play_state.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/shader.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/CustomElements.i
data/FallingSandpaper/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/importgl.o.d.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable-ldpi/ambilwarna_target.png.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/google-play-services.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/._gen.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes.dex.d
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/android/opengl/LogWriter.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/setup.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/bg_ne_control.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable-hdpi/fade_icon_inactive.png.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/res/xml/settings.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes.dex.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/specials.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/saveload.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/update.o.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/.gitattributes.i
data/.git/FETCH_HEAD.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/project.properties.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/res/._values.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/rendergl.c.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementManager.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/saveload.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/TheElements.apk.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/TheElements.apk.d
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/._res.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/optimizations.i
data/FallingSandpaper/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/saveload.o.d.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/Wallpaper.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementBasicActivity.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/default.properties.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/rendergl.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/main_activity_non_ui.xml.i
data/FallingSandpaper/libs/armeabi/libthelements.so.i
data/the-elements.iml.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable/ambilwarna_cursor.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/fix_me_activity.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/libraries/._libs2.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/importgl.h.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/shader.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/game/CustomElementManager.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/app.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/preferences/PreferencesActivity.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/update.o.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/res/layout-land/dialog_color_picker.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/saveload.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable-hdpi/bt_icon.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/preferences/Preferences.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/main_activity_ui.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/custom_element_activity.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/R$bool.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/resources.ap_.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/load_state_delete.xml.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/layout/main_menu.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/ReportingActivity.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/sand/wallpaper/opengl/R$raw.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/MenuActivity.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/AmbilWarnaDialog$1.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/MenuBar$3.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElement.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/server.o.d.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/setup.h.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/LICENSE.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/collide.h.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable-hdpi/ambilwarna_arrow_down.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/load_state_delete_active.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/armeabi-v7a/libthelements.so.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/menu/options_menu_small.xml.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable/ambilwarna_target.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/points.h.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementActivity.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/play.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/elementproperties.h.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/MainActivity.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/R.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/R$color.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/saveload.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/MenuBar$7.class.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/logging_changes.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/res/layout/._activity_orientation.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/mips/libthelements.so.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/importgl.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/res/drawable-ldpi/._ic_launcher.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/app.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/setup.o.d.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/src/net/margaritov/preference/colorpicker/ColorPickerPreference.java.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/collide.h.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/points.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/SplashActivity$1.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/drawable/icon.png.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable-ldpi/ambilwarna_arrow_right.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/FixMeActivity.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/collide.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/dexedLibs/FlurryAgent-c0a413c4292d09b347a636c2a4c76fa1.jar.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/MainActivity$2.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/CVS/Tag.i
data/FallingSandpaper/assets/instructions.html.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/points.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/res/drawable-xhdpi/._ic_launcher.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/server.c.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/preferences/SeekBarPreference.class.i
data/.git/refs/tags/6.4.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable-xhdpi/ambilwarna_arrow_right.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/importgl.o.d.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/widget/AmbilWarnaPreference$1.class.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/src/net/margaritov/preference/colorpicker/ColorPickerDialog.java.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/app-android.c.i
data/TheElements-dev/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/setup.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/R$xml.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/eraser_on.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/rendergl.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/src/com/pollfish/sampleproject/._OrientationActivity.java.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/widget/AmbilWarnaPreference$SavedState$1.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/drawable/icon2.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/Globals.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/res/._layout.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/drawable/ic_delete_gray.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementManagerActivity$1.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/MenuActivity$2.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable/ambilwarna_arrow_down.png.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/strings-fix.i
data/TheElements-dev/.classpath.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementActivity.java.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/R$attr.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/sand/wallpaper/opengl/R$array.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/TheElements.cpp.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/._.DS_Store.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/Control$3.class.i
data/.git/objects/pack/pack-841b6e4c7ec31f90553972fed7a33e2f61761569.pack.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/icon2.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/elementproperties.o.i
data/.git/objects/pack/pack-841b6e4c7ec31f90553972fed7a33e2f61761569.pack.d
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/MenuBar$5.class.i
data/.git/refs/tags/6.5.0.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/profiling.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/values-land/dimen.xml.i
data/android-ndk-profiler/Android.mk.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/collide.o.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/strings-fix.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/._assets.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/btn_ui_element.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/._libraries.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/scopes/._scope_settings.xml.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable-xhdpi/ambilwarna_target.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/load_demo.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/splash_activity.xml.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/build.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/._compiler.xml.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/TheElements-6.2.7.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/MenuBar.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/MainActivity$ElementAdapter.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/project.properties.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/values/saveload_strings.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/BuildConfig.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/LoadStateActivity.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/specials.o.d.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/AmbilWarnaDialog$3.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable-xhdpi/ambilwarna_cursor.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/app-android.o.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/src/yuku/ambilwarna/AmbilWarnaDialog.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/CustomElementManager.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/res/values/._strings.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/elementproperties.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/setup.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/collide.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/MainActivity$3.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/importgl.h.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/importgl.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/Control$1.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/palette.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/mm_layout_bg.jpg.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/sand/wallpaper/opengl/R$id.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/._bin.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/sand/wallpaper/opengl/R$menu.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable/ambilwarna_arrow_right.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/points.c.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/._README.txt.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/res/._drawable-mdpi.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/exit.png.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/master.i
data/.git/logs/refs/heads/master.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/values/fix_me_strings.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable-mdpi/hand_icon_deactivate.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/specials.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/load_state_select_active.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/bg_ui_menubar.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable-hdpi/fade_icon.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/values/arrays.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/._.project.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/R$drawable.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/AmbilWarnaDialog$5.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/R$string.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable-hdpi/ambilwarna_cursor.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/src/sand/wallpaper/opengl/Preferences.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/libthelements.so.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable-hdpi/ambilwarna_arrow_right.png.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/src/net/margaritov/preference/colorpicker/ColorPickerView.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/R$id.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/src/com/pollfish/._.DS_Store.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/small-fixes-6.6.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/._Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/sand/wallpaper/opengl/R.class.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/logging.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/sand/wallpaper/opengl/BuildConfig.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/R$dimen.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/SaveStateActivity$1.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/._misc.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/copyright/._profiles_settings.xml.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/android/opengl/BaseConfigChooser.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/app-android.o.d.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable/ambilwarna_arrow_down.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/Globals.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/collide.o.d.i
data/.git/refs/tags/6.3.5.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/SandView.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/gen/yuku/ambilwarna/R.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/hand_button.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/login_layout.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/elementproperties.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/setup.h.i
data/.git/refs/tags/6.3.3.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/load_state_select_normal.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/layout/non_ui.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/custom_element.xml.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable-xhdpi/ambilwarna_arrow_down.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/update.o.d.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable/ambilwarna_cursor.png.i
data/.git/refs/tags/6.4.1.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/screen_2.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/preferences/PreferencesActivity.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/update.o.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/master.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/saveload.h.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable-mdpi/hand_icon.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/load_state_scrollview_bg.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/app-android.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/MenuActivity$3.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementAdvancedActivity$1.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/gl.h.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/._proguard-project.txt.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/app.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/row.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/R$drawable.class.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/kamkord.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/src/com/._pollfish.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/CustomExceptionParser.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable-hdpi/bt_icon.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/custom_element_basic_activity.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/elementproperties.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementAdvancedActivity.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/FileManager.class.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/res/layout/dialog_color_picker.xml.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/trail-work.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/arch_support.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/values-xlarge-land/dimen.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/MainActivity.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/collide.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/app-android.o.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/fix_play_state.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/specials.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/SaveManager$1.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/saveload.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/btn_mm.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/load.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/R$dimen.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/xml/preferences.xml.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/app.c.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/rendergl.o.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/drawable/backgroundcolumns.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/btn_local.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/rendergl.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/saveload.h.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/drawable/pause.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/res/._drawable.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/layout/main.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/libthelements.so.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/elementproperties.h.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/load_state_select_active.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/drawable/play.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/saveload.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/src/._.DS_Store.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/points.o.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/android/opengl/BaseConfigChooser$ComponentSizeChooser.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/collisions.h.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/rendergl.h.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/app.o.d.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/src/yuku/ambilwarna/widget/AmbilWarnaPrefWidgetView.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/clear_icon_normal.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/load_state_select_pressed.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/R.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/jarlist.cache.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/armeabi/libthelements.so.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/rendergl.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/btn_exit.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/points.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/load_state_delete_pressed.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/.cproject.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/._.idea.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/src/com/pollfish/sampleproject/._MainActivity.java.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable-hdpi/ambilwarna_target.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/collide.o.d.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable-ldpi/ambilwarna_arrow_down.png.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/src/yuku/ambilwarna/widget/AmbilWarnaPreference.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/res/._drawable-xhdpi.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/values/analytics.xml.i
data/FallingSandpaper/gen/sand/wallpaper/opengl/R.java.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable-hdpi/ambilwarna_target.png.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable/ambilwarna_hue.png.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/src/net/margaritov/preference/colorpicker/AlphaPatternDrawable.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementAdvancedActivity.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/android/opengl/EglHelper.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementBasicActivity$5.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/libraries/._dexedLibs2.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/gen/yuku/ambilwarna/R.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/ne_entity_bg_normal.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/specials.c.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable-ldpi/ambilwarna_target.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/raw/save.txt.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/Android.mk.i
data/FallingSandpaper/obj/local/armeabi/libthelements.so.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/update.h.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/SaveManager.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/app.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/res/drawable-mdpi/._ic_launcher.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/pollfish.jar.d
data/TheElements-dev/libs/pollfish.jar.i
data/.gitignore.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/menu/options_menu_large.xml.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/res/drawable-ldpi/icon.png.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/widget/AmbilWarnaPrefWidgetView.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/Application.mk.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/CollisionRework.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/R$attr.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/bg_ui_control.xml.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable-xhdpi/ambilwarna_arrow_right.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/MainActivity$4.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/rendergl.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/dexedLibs/pollfish-09195ad3b5808cc615ef07c387df8ef7.jar.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/libraries/._dexedLibs.xml.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/small-fixes-6.6.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/dexedLibs/pollfish-09195ad3b5808cc615ef07c387df8ef7.jar.d
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/._workspace.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/R$id.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable-mdpi/hand_icon.png.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/R$dimen.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementManagerActivity.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/play.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/src/._com.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/collide.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/res/values/._styles.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/MenuBar$1.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/widget/AmbilWarnaPreference.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable-ldpi/ambilwarna_cursor.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/gen/com/idkjava/thelements/R.java.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/collide.c.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/._modules.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/palette.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/app-android.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/._.classpath.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/elementproperties.o.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/res/values/strings.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/preferences/Preferences.class.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/README.rst.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/specials.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/._Sample Project.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/dexedLibs/libGoogleAnalyticsServices-78ca7ffa546db8be55276862448280a3.jar.d
data/TheElements-dev/jni/collide.c.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/save.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/sand/wallpaper/opengl/R$layout.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable/ambilwarna_hue.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/values/strings.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/MenuActivity$1.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/res/drawable-hdpi/._ic_launcher.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/dexedLibs/libGoogleAnalyticsServices-78ca7ffa546db8be55276862448280a3.jar.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/menu/options_menu_small.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/libs/._.DS_Store.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/android/opengl/DefaultContextFactory.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementManager.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/._AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementBasicActivity$2.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/._.name.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/SplashActivity.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/save.png.i
data/.git/config.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/update.h.i
data/.git/index.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/LoadStateActivity$3.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/MenuBar$4.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/Control$2.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/setup.o.d.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable/ambilwarna_arrow_right.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/pause.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/app-android.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/res/drawable/._button_main.xml.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/AmbilWarnaDialog$2.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable-ldpi/ambilwarna_cursor.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/gradient_gray.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/._Sample Project.iml.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/ambilwarna.jar.i
data/FallingSandpaper/project.properties.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/src/net/margaritov/preference/colorpicker/ColorPickerPanelView.java.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/Acclerometer.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/sand/wallpaper/opengl/R$attr.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/android/opengl/GLWallpaperService$Renderer.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/importgl.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/specials.o.d.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/google-play-services.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/res/layout/._activity_main.xml.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/CustomElements.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/specials.o.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/logging_changes.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/CustomExceptionParser.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/AmbilWarnaDialog$OnAmbilWarnaListener.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/.project.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/AmbilWarnaDialog$6.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/values/dimen.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/lint.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/app.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/load_demo.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/server.h.i
data/FallingSandpaper/src/sand/wallpaper/opengl/DemoActivity.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/custom_activity.xml.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/res/crunch/drawable-xhdpi/ambilwarna_target.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/drawable/load_demo.png.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/CVS/Root.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable-mdpi/hand_icon_deactivate.png.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/TheElements-6.2.7.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/app-android.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/icon2.png.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/R$layout.class.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/res/drawable-mdpi/icon.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/eraser.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/edit.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/setup.c.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable-ldpi/ambilwarna_arrow_right.png.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/BuildConfig.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/sand/wallpaper/opengl/DemoRenderer.class.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/trail-work.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/._src.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/custom_element_edit_item.xml.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/Android.mk.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/MenuActivity$4.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/gl.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/res/._drawable-hdpi.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable-hdpi/ambilwarna_arrow_down.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/game/SandView.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/points.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/app.h.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/app.o.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/android/opengl/EGLContextFactory.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/android/opengl/GLWallpaperService$GLEngine.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementBasicActivity$1.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/saveload.c.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/bg_ui_progress.xml.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/android/opengl/GLThread$GLThreadManager.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/bt_icon.png.i
data/.git/objects/pack/pack-841b6e4c7ec31f90553972fed7a33e2f61761569.idx.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/._Documentation.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/AmbilWarnaDialog.class.i
data/.git/objects/pack/pack-841b6e4c7ec31f90553972fed7a33e2f61761569.idx.d
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/FixMeActivity.java.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/collisions.h.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/update.o.d.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/screen_1.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/bt_icon.png.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/sand/wallpaper/opengl/DemoActivity$SandView.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/ne_entity_bg_normal.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/elementproperties.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/CustomElementManager$1.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/ReportingActivity.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/FlurryAgent.jar.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/eraser.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/SplashActivity.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/specials.o.d.i
data/.git/HEAD.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/mips/objs/thelements/importgl.o.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/sand/wallpaper/opengl/R$string.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/R.txt.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/AmbilWarnaDialog$4.class.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/erasing_fix.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/load_state_select_pressed.png.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/CHANGELOG.rst.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/AmbilWarna.iml.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/values/arrays.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable-hdpi/fade_icon.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Documentation/._Documentation.txt.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementManagerActivity$2.class.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/logging.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/server.h.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/drawable/eraser.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/game/SaveManager.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/project.properties.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/drawable-hdpi/backgroundcolumns.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/._uiDesigner.xml.i
data/FallingSandpaper/gen/sand/wallpaper/opengl/BuildConfig.java.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/drawable/load.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/MenuBar$2.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/eraser_on.png.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/profiling.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable/exit.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/sand/wallpaper/opengl/Preferences.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable-hdpi/ambilwarna_arrow_right.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/R$layout.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/collide.o.d.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/saveload.c.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/importgl.c.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/layout/ui.xml.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/proguard.cfg.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/pause.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/._copyright.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/elementproperties.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/menu_activity.xml.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/CVS/Entries.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/app.h.i
data/.git/refs/tags/6.3.6.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/raw/droiddemo.txt.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/server.c.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/points.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/MainActivity$ElementAdapter$ViewHolder.class.i
data/FallingSandpaper/src/android/opengl/GLWallpaperService.java.i
data/.git/refs/tags/6.3.4.i
data/TheElements-dev/assets/instructions.html.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/layout/custom_element_manager_activity.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/src/com/pollfish/._sampleproject.i
data/.git/refs/tags/6.3.2.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/MenuActivity$6.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/fade_icon_select.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/.idea/._scopes.i
data/.git/refs/remotes/origin/CollisionRework.i
data/TheElements-dev/.externalToolBuilders/NDK Builder.launch.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/points.o.i
data/FallingSandpaper/res/menu/options_menu_large.xml.i
data/FallingSandpaper/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/app-android.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/load_state_select.xml.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/CVS/Repository.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/kamkord.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/update.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/setup.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/values/settings.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/app-android.o.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/sand/wallpaper/opengl/R$drawable.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/res/crunch/drawable-hdpi/fade_icon_inactive.png.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementManagerActivity.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/R$menu.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable/load_state_tr_bg.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi/objs/thelements/setup.o.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/drawable-hdpi/mm_layout_bg.jpg.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/android/opengl/GLThread.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/res/values/custom_elements_strings.xml.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/gen/yuku/ambilwarna/BuildConfig.java.i
data/FallingSandpaper/jni/points.c.i
data/android-ColorPickerPreference/lint.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/app-android.c.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementManagerActivity$3.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/x86/objs/thelements/importgl.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/game/Control.java.i
data/android-ndk-profiler/armeabi-v7a/libandroid-ndk-profiler.a.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/classes/yuku/ambilwarna/R$id.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/bin/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/elementproperties.c.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/MainActivity$1.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/custom/CustomElementBasicActivity$3.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/Application.mk.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/game/SandViewRenderer.class.i
data/TheElements-dev/libs/__MACOSX/Pollfish Android SDK-2.0.2/Sample Project/._libs.i
data/.git/refs/tags/6.4.2.i
data/.git/logs/HEAD.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/importgl.c.i
data/FallingSandpaper/bin/classes/android/opengl/BaseConfigChooser$SimpleEGLConfigChooser.class.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/res/drawable-xhdpi/ambilwarna_cursor.png.i
data/android-color-picker/AmbilWarna/src/yuku/ambilwarna/AmbilWarnaKotak.java.i
data/.hgignore.i
data/FallingSandpaper/.project.i
data/TheElements-dev/gen/com/idkjava/thelements/BuildConfig.java.i
data/FallingSandpaper/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/TheElements-dev/obj/local/armeabi-v7a/objs/thelements/saveload.o.d.i
data/TheElements-dev/bin/classes/com/idkjava/thelements/SaveStateActivity.class.i
data/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/KoreaBranch.i
data/TheElements-dev/src/com/idkjava/thelements/preferences/SeekBarPreference.java.i
data/TheElements-dev/jni/setup.c.i
